From 2010 to 2015,
I worked as
the Parliament Representative Leader.
There were several times
when men candidates
from my same political party,
as well as those from other parties
would harass my identity.
For instance, I was called "A Terrorist"
and was paired up
with our party leader
and even with two or three men
that I did not know of.
"This woman has requested
the Parliament
to order everyone
to join military training compulsorily",
a well known publishing company
falsely published it and,
on social media as well.
I asked the publisher
to take down the false news
instead the company ignored
and released news
as though it was the truth.
The Parliament never had
a record of that request.
Without even investigating
the truth first in the Parliament
I found it excruciating that
a respected publishing company
would publish disinformation
about me.